well howdy there and I know the people
it's Bo again so today is gonna be a
little different we're just gonna do a
quick recap a little rundown all the
crazy stuff that went on in truck world
today that is actually of note while the
whole article headline thing was pretty
funny wasn't really that important in
the grand scheme of things
the feds are apparently conducting the
probe about Giuliani and whether or not
he stood to personally benefit from a
Ukrainian energy company that was being
pitched alongside his Biden
investigation about profiting from a
Ukrainian energy company you can't make
that up that's amazing also involving
Giuliani he was questioned about whether
or not he thought the president was
going to throw him under the bus in the
impeachment hearing to which he said
that he didn't think so but he does have
very very good insurance so if he does
all my hospital bills will be paid and
of course his lawyer who was on the
phone
chimed in to say he's joking he's joking
of course because he certainly wouldn't
be threatening the United States
president with blackmail because that's
just how they rolled now in addition to
this President Trump tweeted about
Jovanovic who was witnessed today this
is the same witness he said was gonna go
through some things and she said it was
intimidating so you can add that to his
list of impeachable offenses witness
David Holmes testified about a call that
Sandlin had with the president in which
the president specifically asked about
the biking investigation so there's no
more plausible deniability there that
that's president can't say he didn't
know Giuliani wasn't acting alone it's
gonna be really hard for the president
to throw him under the bus even if he
wanted to even with whatever insurance
Giuliani may or may not have
the aid Holmes asked Soglin about it and
someone said that Trump only cares about
big stuff the aid was like well that's
you know there's war that's big stuff
and he said no big stuff that if it's
the president
they're certainly painting Trump as a
very self-absorbed person who does not
care about the United States now Roger
stone was convicted on all counts today
for his obstruction of the Russia Trump
investigation that does not bode well
for the criminal prosecutions that are
likely to come after this administration
ends Republicans please take note like
all other administration's this one will
eventually end and when it does the next
administration will get to the bottom of
what's going on what has happened when
that happens those in Congress in the
Senate that are defending him will
forever be remembered the rest of their
very short political careers as idiots
who got conned by a real estate mogul
you're throwing away your legacies to
protect somebody who is not going to
protect you
and we still got a whole bunch more to
go
can't wait til tomorrow this episode
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night